Support numeric id, index and children (#163)
alloy-framework/alloy: .chronus/changes/joheredi-member-expression-index-2025-4-22-0-17-51.md

---
changeKind: fix
packages:
  - "@alloy-js/typescript"
---

> Suport numeric id, index and children in MemberExpression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `index` property to `MemberExpression.Part` to allow defining array indexes and treat numeric `id` props as array indexes.
```
